README.md, before:

# Config created out of 💤 LazyVim

* Generated using the starter template for [LazyVim](https://github.com/LazyVim/LazyVim).
* To get started, check [lazyvim installation](https://lazyvim.github.io/installation).

* Plugins installed by default can be checked [here](https://www.lazyvim.org/plugins).
  * More info [here](https://lazy.folke.io/spec) and [here](http://www.lazyvim.org/configuration/plugins)

* Kemaps available:
  * Default keymaps - [check this](https://www.lazyvim.org/keymaps#general).
  * Mine - [docs folder](/docs/Good_to_know.md) for different tips & tricks!

## Installation

* :warning:These steps were tested on Ubuntu only.

* Using the installation script

  ```sh
  curl -so install.sh https://raw.githubusercontent.com/icadariu/nvim/refs/heads/main/scripts/install.sh

  echo "Please check contents of the script before running it"
  bash install.sh
  ```

* Start Neovim and check health

  ```sh
  nvim
  # check helalth once plugins are installed
  :checkhealth
  # To view potential errors, use
  :NoiceErrors
  ```

Commit message:

feat: read answer
Signed-off-by: Ionut Cadariu <ionut.cadariu@gmail.com>

README.md, after:

# Config created out of 💤 LazyVim

* Generated using the starter template for [LazyVim](https://github.com/LazyVim/LazyVim).
* To get started, check [lazyvim installation](https://lazyvim.github.io/installation).

* Plugins installed by default can be checked [here](https://www.lazyvim.org/plugins).
  * More info [here](https://lazy.folke.io/spec) and [here](http://www.lazyvim.org/configuration/plugins)

* Kemaps available:
  * Default keymaps - [check this](https://www.lazyvim.org/keymaps#general).
  * Mine - [docs folder](/docs/Good_to_know.md) for different tips & tricks!

## Installation

* :warning:These steps were tested on Ubuntu only.

* Using the installation script

  ```sh
  curl -so install.sh https://raw.githubusercontent.com/icadariu/nvim/refs/heads/main/scripts/install.sh

  echo "Please check contents of the script before running it"
  echo "Press Enter to accept the risks!"
  read
  bash install.sh
  ```

* Start Neovim and check health

  ```sh
  nvim
  # check helalth once plugins are installed
  :checkhealth
  # To view potential errors, use
  :NoiceErrors
  ```
